Tell me about yourself.

I am a front-end web developer and designer with 3 years of learning experience. I am successfully self-taught, mainly focusing on building and maintaining beautifully responsive user interfaces. I also have 5 years of marketing experience working for big box art companies. I was very versatile with my work during my marketing career, mainly as a marketing assistant, and later was taught to fill roles for graphic design and as an assistant marketing manager. I have a familiarity working with a marketing team among others in a fast paced environment, and would really like to further my experience as a developer in the workplace, which is why I'm REALLY excited about this opportunity.

What are your weaknesses?

I sometimes have trouble asking for help especially when I'm really focused on my work, or if I'm trying to figure out a bug in my code and that usually ends with me overexerting myself and getting burned out. However, I have learned to recognize my burnout triggers and I have no problem asking for help if it means to meet a deadline or to move on to other things. I find myself more productive that way. I do enjoy working independently however I do understand the importance of teamwork and that beautiful things can happen when I do with a team.


What are your strengths?

Oh, I am extremely detail-oriented. I believe that anything I do, I need to give it my absolute all, and if something is going to get done, it needs to get done right. Shortcuts are nice, but not at the expense of having a jumbled messy code and many bugs later down the road, you know? I also have this knack for pinpointing when something doesn't look or function the way it needs to be and I just can't ignore it, I have to fix it.

I am also very creative, not just in an artistic way, but with solving problems and invoking ideas too. I really like to give the websites I create or collaborate on an authentic user experience, even if I need to learn a few tricks to do that. I am always willing to learn something new if it will help my company. 


Why is there a gap in your resume?

So the gap in my resume is kind of personal and quite a story, but long story short after my last marketing job, I had the opportunity to stay home and really devote my time to doing something that really interested me and that happened to be learning how to develop websites so that's what I did.

Why did you change careers?

I moved away from marketing because the day to day eventually got really repetitive and honestly it left me unfulfilled, maybe not all marketing jobs are like that, but from my experience it was not what I wanted to do forever, and I just lost interest in it. I needed to be doing something that is constantly evolving and changing and that would really utilize my skills in the best possible way and also keep my attention and that happens to be web development for me.

Why are you a good fit?
I'm a good fit, if not a great fit because I am a big team player and also ready and willing to learn what I don't already know, and help wherever I can. I also thrive on working independently if need be. I really want to establish myself in a company that supports my role and will allow me to really truly grow as a developer. I believe that what I bring to the table is valuable experience and can really fulfill the technical and design needs of the company. 

Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

In 5 years I see myself as an established developer with lots of experience under my belt, more confident than ever before doing what I love and also being able to teach what I do to others.

What is your current situation
Right now I am really focused on toning my skillset and building up my portfolio and really preparing myself for the job market. Right now I am working on a couple of large-scale applications to add to my group of smaller apps and websites. I currently do not work anywhere, I stay at home right now with my child and I am solely focused on just building my experience.